docs: split up docs templates into different pages (#21574)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/docs-templates.md

  - [Other guides](/contributing/how-to-write-a-reference-guide#other-types-of-guide-articles) add documentation for specific purposes like the API reference, Conceptual Guide, Gatsby Internals, and more.
- [Recipes](/contributing/how-to-write-a-recipe) add concise, discoverable, and easy-to-follow instructions for common Gatsby tasks. They are smaller units than tutorials.
- [Tutorials](/contributing/how-to-write-a-tutorial) should provide step-by-step guidance for Gatsby workflows, listing all pre-requisites and not assuming knowledge or skipping steps.

When writing (or reviewing) learning materials that show Gatsby users how to complete tasks, you are expected to **test out any code examples or steps to ensure they work**. This can also help with writing in your own words, rather than copying from other sources. If you have a demo project or code example that strengthens docs and you don't know where to put it, mention it to the Gatsby Learning team in a PR.

## Why use templates?

> Follow the how-to templates (models) listed here when contributing to Gatsby docs to ensure that the docs accomplish their purpose. If you have a good reason to deviate from the following template structures, mention those reasons in the PR so others can give proper feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the how-to templates (models) listed here when contributing to Gatsby docs to ensure that the docs accomplish their purpose. If you have a good reason to deviate from the following template structures, mention those reasons in an issue so others can give proper feedback on your idea.
```

We need to bias toward issues before PRs for discussion with @gatsbyjs/learning, especially if someone wants to deviate from expected formats.

With subpages under this overview page in `contributing-links`, you could also ideally use the `<Guidelist />` component to automatically list them: https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/docs-and-blog-components/#guide-list

Author: @marcysutton thank you so much for taking the time to go over these documents and providing feedback on each change and its necessity. I do not have the level and depth of each particular template/doc so this was a great learning experience for me. 😃
